hello and welcome to actual kitchen
today we'll see how to prepare pear
amore which is a famous Kerala snack for
which you will need the following
ingredients to prepare approximately ten
to twelve numbers one cup of maida that
is plain flour half cup of sugar 1/4
teaspoon of baking soda or soda salt a
pinch of yellow food coloring and two
well ripened plantain bananas an
important secret for good Parham berries
well ripened plantain bananas if it is
not well ripened and if it is a little
bit hard you won't get a good texture of
balaam berry so use well ripened bananas
even though the outer skin will be dark
the inner banana will be good so use
well ripen one so I have D skin de
bananas and I'm going to cut it into
either two or three equal pieces
according to the size of the bananas if
it is too large you can cut it into
three equal parts or two halves and I am
going to slice it into thick pieces like
this about 1/2 to 3/4 centimeter in
thickness I am going to complete it with
all the pieces and keep it ready next to
prepare the batter to the plain floor I
am going to add sugar add sugar little
by little and also that baking soda or
soda salt a pinch of yellow color and
mix all that dry ingredients
well reason why I'm adding little sugar
first is the sweetness depends upon the
sweetness of the banana as well so if
the banana is too sweet you need only
less sugar if the banana is not so sweet
you need more sugar so it depends upon
the sweetness of the banana next add
about quarter cup of water and mix the
ingredients well to prepare a batter if
the water is not enough you can add more
water but make sure you add little by
little because once this sugar start
dissolving it will loosen the batter
well so while preparing the batter it
will be in the correct consistency but
after 5 minutes when the sugar dissolves
it will loosen that's the reason add
little water wait till the sugar
dissolves and even then if the batter is
thick add little water or else you can
see now you can see the battery loosen
well initially it was thick after the
sugar dissolved the batter has loosened
so this is the right consistency you
should prepare a thick batter and keep
it inside and
next when the oil is become really hot
you are going to put the bananas dipped
in the prepare batter in the oil make
sure your oil is really hot if it is not
too hot your polymer e will not puff up
it will flatten so that's the reason to
use hot oil so dip each piece in the
prepared manner and drop it in the hot
oil and I'm going to fry it for about
two minutes on one side and when it
turns golden color on the bottom said I
am going to turn it to the other side so
that it gets on the top side also make
sure you take off the excess batter and
then put it in the oil so that it does
not become very bulky and it will not
get cooked well inside and it will
remind Raw on the middle
so now it's turned golden in color take
it out and drain it in a kitchen towel
try it and you'll really like it
thank you for watching actual kitchen